SREP backplane requirements (#1678)
openshift/managed-cluster-config: docs/backplane/requirements/README.md

> # Backplane Requirements

Reviewer: How does this align with #1587 ?

Author: https://github.com/openshift/managed-cluster-config/pull/1587 provides guidelines.  This is govered by SD-ADR-0138, not the guidelines.  Should we capture the ADR in the repo for full context of the workflow?

Process is captured in [SD-ADR-0138: Backplane Access for Managed Services](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pIPDVluxvxkENBn00-sr4R-k42XbbwZXmJ-l02xMl8w/edit#).

In summary...

* All requirements for backplane access are managed in a subdirectory of this directory.
* SD Architecture is the initial approver for any new requirements.  
* Additional approvers can be added in `OWNERS` files.  SD Architecture must remain an approver.
* All requirements must conform to the [guidelines](../guidelines.md).
* Requirements encompass all access requirements including:
    * conditions for when authorization applies
    * authorization required in-cluster
    * authorization required for cloud accounts
    * authorization required for managed scripts
    * if privilege escalation is required (note if approved guidelines must be updated)

## Directory Structure
* root directory is `docs/backplane/requirements/`

> * every persona has a unique sub-directory, i.e. `docs/backplane/requirements/srep` for Layered Product SRE

Reviewer: Says LPSRE, but links to SREP?

Author: ```suggestion
* every persona has a unique sub-directory, i.e. `docs/backplane/requirements/srep` for SRE Platform
```
